feat(tracing): Add extend app start API for standalone app start (#6392)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

- Add experimental `enableStandaloneAppStartTracing` to send app start as a standalone `app.start` transaction ([#6359](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6359))
- Set `app.vitals.start.screen` on the standalone `app.start` transaction from the current route ([#6369](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6369))

> - Add experimental `extendAppStart`/`finishExtendedAppStart`/`getExtendedAppStartSpan` to extend the standalone app start window and instrument post-init work ([#6303](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/6303))

Author: ```suggestion
- Add experimental `extendAppStart`/`finishExtendedAppStart`/`getExtendedAppStartSpan` to extend the standalone app start window and instrument post-init work ([#6392](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6392))
```
